a bet I made has not been updated, but the game is finished
a game finished but the bet is not updated
a won finished game did not update my bet, why? You scam?
bet game is finish but I don't see the money I won what's going on?
bet is not changing, I won it is done, why?
credit my winning please
A game Finished but the bet is unchanged
I don't see any updates on my bets but the game has finished today!
I have not been credited for my bet
I place bet on casino 49ja and I win but did not pay
I said I won some money in casino game but it is not showing up on my bet9ja account
I staked a bet on game, after the game has finished I didn't see any update why?
I want to know if my bet has been updated because I won
I win but I can't find a way to see if I've been credited
I won a bet and I am yet to be credited to my account that I won bet id
I won a bet give me what is owed to me
I won a bet you owe me money
I won a ticket on virtual football betting since friday I didn't see my money till now
I won some money but it is not showing up on my bet9ja account
I won the bet but you did not credit my winning
I'm refreshing bets I staked yesterday can't see any update
I'm waiting for the betting to be updated
is past a day the game is over but I can't see any new informations on my bet
my bet has not been paid
my game is finished but my bet is has not been updated until now?
my winning tickets yet to settle since yesterday night please kindly do the needful bet code
no updates while betting game has long been finished
on today morning I finished a game winning at it, how do I see any updates?
pay me my winning bet
please my betslip won but was declared lost assist to look into it and correct the mistake
please pay the winning I'm owed
please bet9ja game is over winning at it, show me the money that have not been credited
please I win game pay it to me!
please I win money playing but how do I see updates I need the money
problem! bet finished, still it has not changed
the game has finished but my bet is still not updated?
what if finish game and my bet is not getting updated
when the game is over how do I see updates?
why don't you credit my winning?
you do not credit my winning
My winnings are yet to be paid into my account
All matches in the ticket ended and my winnings is yet to drop in my account.
a bet is settle in how much time
how long does it take for my bet to be settled?
how much I have to wait for my bet to be settled?
how much time does a bet turn into a settled
how much time does it take for bets to become settled
how much time for a bet to become settled
I am still waiting for bet to settle
I am waiting too much for the bet to become settled
if I bet today tomorrow my bet will settled?
is has been long since I made a bet, I have to wait extra time?
it takes hours or days for a bet to get settled?
required time for a bet to be settled
time required to settle a bet